---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "eventstore_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-eventstore"
subcategory: ""
description: "Manages a presistent subscription in eventstore"
  
---

# eventstore_subscription (Resource)
Manages a presistent subscription in eventstore


## Example Usage
Simple example leaving all config parameters to default
```terraform
resource "eventstore_subscription" "order_service" {
  stream_name = "orders"
  subscription_name = "order_service"
}
```

Full example providing all paramters
```terraform
resource "eventstore_subscription" "order_service" {
  stream_name                   = "orders"
  subscription_name             = "order_service"
  buffer_size                   = 1000
  checkpoint_after_milliseconds = 2000
  extra_statistics              = false
  live_buffer_size              = 500
  max_checkpoint_count          = 1000
  max_retry_count               = 10
  message_timeout_milliseconds  = 30000
  min_checkpoint_count          = 10
  named_consumer_strategy       = "RoundRobin"
  read_batch_size               = 500
  resolve_link_tos              = true
  start_from                    = 0
}
```
## Argument Reference
- **`stream_name`** - (Required) The stream the persistent subscription is on.
- **`subscription_name`** - (Required) The name of the subscription group.
- **`buffer_size`** - (Optional) The number of events to cache when paging through history. Defaults to `500`.
- **`checkpoint_after_milliseconds`** - (Optional) The amount of time to try to checkpoint after. Defaults to `1000`.
- **`extra_statistics`** - (Optional) Whether to track latency statistics on this subscription. Defaults to `false`.
- **`live_buffer_size`** - (Optional) The size of the buffer (in-memory) listening to live messages as they happen before paging occurs. Defaults to `500`.
- **`max_checkpoint_count`** - (Optional) The maximum number of messages not checkpointed before forcing a checkpoint. Deafults to `500`.
- **`max_retry_count`** - (Optional) The maximum number of retries (due to timeout) before a message is considered to be parked. Defaults to `10`.
- **`max_subscriber_count`** - (Optional) The maximum number of TCP subscribers allowed. Defaults to `10`.
- **`message_timeout_milliseconds`** - (Optional) The amount of time after which to consider a message as timedout and retried. Defaults to `10000`.
- **`min_checkpoint_count`** - (Optional) The minimum number of messages to write to a checkpoin. Defaults to `10`.
- **`named_consumer_strategy`** - (Optional) The strategy to use for distributing events to client consumers. Allowable values are `RoundRobin`, `DispatchToSingle` and `Pinned`. Defaults to `RoundRobin`.
- **`read_batch_size`** - (Optional) The number of events to read per batch when reading the history. Defaults to `20`.
- **`resolve_link_tos`** - (Optional) Whether to resolve link events. Defaults to `true`.
- **`start_from`** - (Optional) Which event position in the stream the subscription should start from. Defaults to `0`

## Attributes Reference
In addition to the attributes above, the following attributes are exported.

- **`id`** - The ID of this resource. The id will always be set to `<stream_name>/<subscription_name>`. This is used for importing subscription resources into the state

## Import

`subscription` resources can be imported using the id of the subscription. The id will be the `stream_name` and the `subscription_name` joined with a `/` e.g. `mystream/mysubscription`.

```terraform
terraform import eventstore_subscription.order_service orders/order_service
```
